Silly guy.
Stop wasting my time.
There is no ratio.
You're jobless.
Me and my team of officials have decided not to award this ratio!
Unfortunately, I could not find a ratio here.
McDonalds is hiring. You should go look for a job because you suck at finding ratios.
Unemployment is at an all time high because of guys like you. If finding ratios doesnt work, try finding a job.
Your ratio search skills need improvement.
You're not doing yourself any favors by searching for ratios.
I wouldn't trust you with finding ratios if my life depended on it.
You're making a fool of yourself by trying to find ratios.
Our team of experts have concluded that this ratio is not up to par.
This ratio falls short of the standards set by our team of officials.
Unfortunately, this ratio does not meet our criteria for recognition.
Our team of officials have determined that this ratio is not worthy of an award.
This ratio fails to impress our team of experts.
Our team of officials have regretfully decided not to award this ratio.
This ratio does not meet the expectations set by our team of experts.
Our team of officials have determined that this ratio needs improvement.
This ratio is not quite ready for recognition by our team of experts.
Our team of officials have decided to hold off on awarding this ratio.
This ratio needs more work before it can be recognized by our team of experts.
Our team of officials have found that this ratio is lacking in certain areas.
This ratio has failed to meet the high standards set by our team of experts.
Our team of officials have decided to pass on awarding this ratio at this time.
This ratio has not lived up to expectations set by our team of experts.
Our team of officials have found this ratio to be lacking in certain aspects.
This ratio has not met the criteria set by our team of experts.
Our team of officials have decided that this ratio is not ready for recognition.
This ratio has some work to do before it can be awarded by our team of experts.
Our team of officials have found this ratio to be lacking and therefore cannot award it.